
Step A

Header 
Background color use light gray color
Text color use black color easy and simple format text to read

This is also where main common information about a website usually stays, such as site navigation and main contact information.
Home About Resume Contact --> Show on my header.

Body

This is the big area in the center that contains most of the unique content of a web page, for example the photo gallery you want to display or a feature article you want your visitors to read. 
This is area that changes from page to page.
Background color use light gray color
Text color use black color easy and simple format text to read

Footer
This is the strip across the bottom of a web page. It generally  copyright notices.
Background color use gray color. It dark more 1 step I nedd see it separate between body and footer
Text color use black color easy and simple format text to read.


Header , Body and Footer I still use black color for text because easy and simple to read and link text after action it will show navy blue tone color for link it. 
For text I use black color it easy to read and easy to see.
Background Color I use lightgray because this color bright. I want the text looks ouutstanding. 
I want color tone is simila. 


HOME
I will Show Picture and my picture for greeting user when see my home page.


ABOUT
I Will introduction my self and tell about my experience
I'm a Front-End Developer freelance in San Francisco, CA. I like to learn new technology with many tools , application and programing.
I worked about technician support program from outsource , teach user for use software and web content.
Now I'm freelance programing Front-End.
My work at SATT Inter Supply
-Web Contain
-Update website
-Designed graphics for website decoration and layout
-Tested websites and performed troubleshooting prior to deployment

My Work at SARAYA
-Documented all transactions and support interactions in system for future reference and addition to knowledge base
-Teach user learn new software
-Maintenance IT equipment

My Work at Ramkhamhaeng hospital
-Teach user for use software.
-Teach user learn new software
-Maintenance IT equipment
-Coding Tester
-Data Entry
-Test server and software of each department.

RESUME
-When I click on Resume it will be link another page. It will show Myresume.pdf

CONTACT
This is a form for user want to contact me.
User will fill
First name:
Last name:
Email:
Subject:
Enter text here...(Write Message for contact)
button for Send and Reset 

STEP E
http://ejosue.com/
I like this portfolio because easy to use menu and I can see Header, Main and Footer outstanding. No guess to find what is header or footer.
The color that use it contrast and outstanding.

http://www.antoncristell.com/index.php
I like this port folio because this website use image to link and easy to use. It look clean  and clear.

https://www.justinmccandless.com/
I don't like this because it hard to guess what is header. Where is the topic to link? I can't find. It's long page.
One think I like only 1 page but It is not separate Header and Main. I don't know how can I use navigater.